Fa Xin returned after visiting in March. Yes.
It turns out that Yu Jiangnan is really his home
What a mysterious man
Kill continue
The theater is the fault of a guy named Luming
Luming
His Hongmen debt collection killed Hong Haiqing's son
Hong Haiqing takes revenge
Unexpectedly, except for the Mad Dragon King, he did not escape
Orphans are exterminated
Interesting more and more interesting
Go arrange it, yeah
What!
OK. I'll be right back.
What happened to the deer?
My dad passed out and went to the hospital
I have to go see him.
I can't accompany you to the Tenglong banquet
Then I'll go with you.
You don't need to go to the Tenglong banquet first, okay?